When it comes to custom theme managers on the 3ds, there haven’t always been that many choices. I can only think of three off the top of my head. Custom Home Menu Manager 2, Howling Theme Tool, - which only works for users with custom firmware - and a new application for custom themes, Themely. Now, this tool is the most interesting to me because CHMM2’s dev got all salty and said they wouldn’t fix it when it wouldn’t work anymore. It’s probably a Homebrew Launcher issue though. And Howling Theme Tool is a bit confusing for some users. 
This tool was created by the dev of the 3ds theme website, and it’s a really nice design. This is the original release, it has no Homebrew Launcher support due to no save data access to the 11.4 payload. And, when you go to exit the app that doesn’t take you to this power off screen, it brings you back to the Home Menu. So, you’ll have to press the power button, and then the home button for your theme to actually show up. The bug will be fixed in the next release, though. It has support for themes in zip files, background music preview support. CHMM is usually hit or miss with that one. It is full screen instant previews, and the self update. It does not yet have theme shuffles before as a planned feature. And also, it has a planned feature for a theme downloader. You can download this using this QR code. There’s titles BD and FBI, or you can go to the GBA temp thread, which I’ll link in the description to download the CIA manually.
Alright, so here we go. I’m on my home menu, I have it installed, I’m going to go ahead and open it, and make sure themes in the flash game’s directory on my SD card. I also changed my 3ds back to the default theme back there to show you guys that it actually doesn’t - in fact - change the theme. 
Alright, so once you get it started up, you’ll be greeted with this. It’ll show the preview of the theme at the top of your list. Some basic information about it, and A to install, X for a full screen preview of it, and Y to play the background music preview.
So, if I want to install my Breath of the Wild theme, I would go down with the D-Pad of the Circle Pad until I find it, and press A to install. And, normally, once a theme would install, you just be able to press Start, and it would bring you to the powered off screen, and then you could hit the home button to go back to the home menu. However, version 1.0.0 of this is bugged, so I have to it manually. Later releases this will be fixed. So, go back to the Home Menu, and there we go, my custom Breath of the Wild theme’s applied.
Alright, that’s it for this video, if this tutorial worked for you go ahead and leave a like below. And if you guys want more tutorials like this, go ahead and click that subscribe button below. Alright guys, T3CHNO out.